Demo controls

START will move you through the worlds.
Hold B to become invulnerable.
The levels in World 0 are just roughed out right now.  
Those that aren't started yet are just repeats of level 0.  
I haven't started really laying out the sprites yet.  I just threw
some in so you could see them.  

In World 1, the player just has to collect all the gems to unlock
the door (or make it appear).  That's not working yet.

World 2 will have some form of tall, rolling objects (see the crude
font I included).  It will also have some other terrain.

World 3 will be ice caverns.  Part of it will have something similar to
the logs in the river.  The other part will be ground, a lot of which is
frozen, with some small clear spots to stand on.  

World 4 hasn't been worked out yet.  We need something cool.

World 5 will be the tram cars.  Right now, the player can ride the cars,
but that's going to change.  The cars will be deadly and the road will be safe.

Global Palettes

Status area
Only 3 colors available for each palette in the status area.  
(Can't use first color.)
We'll probably want to keep 2 palettes for this area. 
These palettes (including the first color) can also be used in any of 
the worlds.  To keep them out of the way, I put them at the end
(palettes 6 and 7).

The status area can be done any way you think looks good.
The only requirements are: 
room for at least 5 digits for score
room for 8 characters for the timer bar
room for at least five men (frogs)

Local palettes

World 0
Palette 0 -- The water palette has to be blue and three whites.  
I need that for the ripple effect.

Palette 1 -- Turtles

Palette 2 -- Logs

Palette 3 -- Grass

Palette 4 -- Road and cars.  If the gray was moved to the first color, we
could make the cars pass over the gems.  This would look cool.  (It would
also require a switch in the other palette used for trucks.)

Palette 5 -- Available (could add more car colors).  


Note -- I can't switch palettes with any of the animated characters 
(such as the turtles).  So all the tiles in a sequence have to be in
the same palette.  The animation frames are stored separately.  For each
different sequence (e.g. sinking turtle, non-sinking turtle) we use a 
different version of the tile.  That's why the font has two turtles.  
I also can't change to much of the font during vblank, so I can't do
the sinking logs.  But the turtles performthe same function.
	But we can have different palettes for different levels, so
the levels that are all road can add car colors if you want.

I need 
1.  A final sinking frame for the turtles.  (The original one
used a different palette.  I roughed something out in the animation file.)

2.  An exit (a door or a warp or whatever).  Also, a locked or closed version.	

3. Oil slicks.  These will be on the road.  Probably in a strip all the way
across a lane.  (See the demo game for an example.)


Sprites

We're going to have global and local sprites.  The frog and the pickups will
be in every world, but some of the enemies will only be in some of the worlds,
so we can load them on their won and have different palettes.  
There are two kinds fo frog death.  I mocked up a ghost for one. (I'm sure you can
make it look a lot better.)
The other is when the frog falls (in later worlds).  We need a shrinking
animation so it looks like he's plunging to his death (and then maybe a
ghost that reverses the sequence, so it rises.)

I roughed out some of the icons.  We can make things as many frames as you want.

I need:

1. Gems (flashing or pulsing).  Each frame is an 8x8.
2. Dead frog.
3. Falling frog.
4. Checkpoint (with some change to show it's been reached).
5. Hourglass (or something else that adds to the timebar).
6. Another frame for the snake.


World 0 will have
Snakes
Bees

World 1 will have
Bats (front view, flying)
Spiders (crawling)
